# Configure an Azure Compute Gallery

An Azure Compute Gallery is a repository in Azure for managing and sharing images. It's stored in your Azure subscription and helps you build structure and organization around your image resources. You can use Azure Compute Gallery to provide custom images for your dev box users.

Advantages of using a gallery include:
- You maintain the images in a single location and use them across dev centers, projects, and pools.
- Development teams can use the _latest_ image version of an image definition to ensure they always receive the most recent image when creating dev boxes.
- Development teams can use a specific image version to standardize on a supported image version until a newer version is validated.

## Pre-requisites

- [x] A dev center
- [ ] An Azure Compute Gallery. In order to use this gallery to configure Dev Box definitions, it must have at least [one image definition and one image version](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/image-version).

	- [ ] The image definition must have [Trusted Launch enabled as the Security Type](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/trusted-launch). You configure the security type when creating the image definition.
	- [ ] The image version must meet the [Windows 365 image requirements](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-365/enterprise/device-images#image-requirements).
	    - [ ] Generation 2
	    - [ ] Hyper-V v2
	    - [ ] Windows OS
	    - [ ] Generalized image
	    - [ ] Single Session VM images (multi-session isn’t supported).
	    - [ ] No recovery partition.
	    - [ ] Default 64-GB OS disk size. The OS disk size will be automatically adjusted to the size specified in SKU description of the Windows 365 license.